README.md, before:

# Rice Cooker Console App - Typescript version

This is a simple rice cooker management system implemented in Typescript. This application lets users interact with a virtual rice cooker, performing many of the same actions that can be performed on a real rice cooker.

## Features:
- Turn On
- Turn Off
- Cook Rice
- Stop Cooking
- Keep Warm
- Steam Cooking
- Stop Steam Cooking
- Check Activity
- Plug In
- Plug Out


---

## Usage

Before running the application, ensure that you have Node.js and Typescript installed on your system.

1. Clone this repository:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/hei-school/cc-d2-my-rice-cooker-ReichmannGaly.git
    ```

2. Navigate to the Typescript branch:

    ```bash
    cd cc-d2-my-rice-cooker-ReichmannGaly/

    git checkout feature/Typescript

3. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install

4. Run the typescript **main.ts** file:
    ```bash
    npx ts-node .\main.ts 

5. Follow the on-screen prompts to manage your rice cooker items efficiently.

---

**Note:** The application is implemented in multiple programming languages. If you prefer a different language, explore the corresponding branch.

---

*Thank you for using the Rice Cooker Console App (Typescript Version)!*

Commit message:

docs: add linter command in the readme

README.md, after:

# Rice Cooker Console App - Typescript version

This is a simple rice cooker management system implemented in Typescript. This application lets users interact with a virtual rice cooker, performing many of the same actions that can be performed on a real rice cooker.

## Features:
- Turn On
- Turn Off
- Cook Rice
- Stop Cooking
- Keep Warm
- Steam Cooking
- Stop Steam Cooking
- Check Activity
- Plug In
- Plug Out

---

## Usage

Before running the application, ensure that you have Node.js and Typescript installed on your system.

1. Clone this repository:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/hei-school/cc-d2-my-rice-cooker-ReichmannGaly.git
    ```

2. Navigate to the Typescript branch:

    ```bash
    cd cc-d2-my-rice-cooker-ReichmannGaly/

    git checkout feature/Typescript
    ```

3. Install dependencies:

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

4. **Apply ESLint for Code Consistency:**
   Before running the application, ESLint has been applied to ensure consistent code style and quality. Run the following command to fix linting issues:

    ```bash
    npm run lint -- --fix
    ```

5. Run the Typescript **main.ts** file:

    ```bash
    npx ts-node .\main.ts 
    ```

6. Follow the on-screen prompts to manage your rice cooker items efficiently.

---

**Note:** The application is implemented in multiple programming languages. If you prefer a different language, explore the corresponding branch.

---

*Thank you for using the Rice Cooker Console App (Typescript Version)!*
